EMACPP-NIPROV/README.md, before:

# Elektron Message API - C++ Edition Non-Interactive Provider (PREVIEW)
 

##Overview
This directory contains preliminary example code to show off the upcoming Elektron Message API (EMA) - C++ Edition Non-Interactive Provider. It is a work in progress, but we would like to share with you what we have done so far. 

##Contents
- **Examples** EMA Non-Interactive Provider examples
- **Docs**
  - Reference manual
- **Pre-compiled Static Libraries (64bit)** 
  - Win7, WinServer 2008 (VS2012, VS2013)
  - RH6 (gcc444)
  - OL7 (gcc482)
  - Optimized and OptimizedAssert
  


####This preview is runnable!  

Within this directory contains everything you need to build the examples and run them.  Just navigate to the example directory and run the makefile or build the windows project file.

**Note:** Since this is the Non-Interactive Provider, it will require an ADH and ADS infrastructure setup.




## Can You Provide Feedback?
Not just yet!  In the coming months we will continue to update you with more examples and prototypes. As the product matures, we will be able to accept your feedback. 

###Check back over the coming months to see where we are at!

Commit message:

update readme with supported features

EMACPP-NIPROV/README.md, after:

# Elektron Message API - C++ Edition Non-Interactive Provider (PREVIEW)
 

##Overview
This directory contains preliminary example code to show off the upcoming Elektron Message API (EMA) - C++ Edition Non-Interactive Provider. It is a work in progress, but we would like to share with you what we have done so far. 

##Contents
- **Examples** EMA Non-Interactive Provider examples
- **Docs**
  - Reference manual
- **Pre-compiled Static Libraries (64bit)** 
  - Win7, WinServer 2008 (VS2012, VS2013)
  - RH6 (gcc444)
  - OL7 (gcc482)
  - Optimized and OptimizedAssert
  


####This preview is runnable!  

Within this directory contains everything you need to build the examples and run them.  Just navigate to the example directory and run the makefile or build the windows project file.

**Note:** Since this is the Non-Interactive Provider, it will require an ADH and ADS infrastructure setup.

## Currently Supported Features
- TCP connection to ADH
- Login
- Source Directory
- Sending of Refresh and Update messages
- Only supports single item


## Can You Provide Feedback?
Not just yet!  In the coming months we will continue to update you with more examples and prototypes. As the product matures, we will be able to accept your feedback. 

###Check back over the coming months to see where we are at!
