Cpp-C/Ema/README.md, before:



# Elektron Message API


The Elektron Message API: This is an easy-to-use, performant, open source message layer API. The Elektron Message API helps developers by allowing them to develop applications with significantly less code. It is new and will be enhanced by collaboration with customers (through GitHub) and Thomson Reuters based on customer feedback.

EMA is written on top of the Elektron Transport API (ETA) utilizing    the Value Added Reactor and Watchlist.  

(C) Copyright 2016 Thomson Reuters Limited. All rights reserved,
Reuters Oak Brook, IL USA
  


# Message API Features and Functionality



##Consumer Features:

- ADS Multicast: Applications can connect to the ADS Multicast 
	  component by specifying the connection type RSSL_RELIABLE_MCAST.  
	  
- RSSL Encrypted and HTTP Connectivity

- Connection Failover: EMA can be configured to specify a 
	  list of failover servers via ChannelSet configuration.  In the event that the
	  consumer's connection attempt fails, EMA will utilize the next channel in 
	  the ChannelSet list.

- Default Admin Domain Requests: EMA uses default login, directory and 
      dictionary request while connecting to server. This provides minimum 
      configuration for applications to get up and running. 
	  
- Configurable Admin Domain Requests:  EMA provides means for modifying the
      default admin domain requests. 
      
- Tunnel Streams: EMA supports private streams, with additional associated 
      behaviors (e.g., end-to-end authentication, guaranteed delivery, and
      flow control).
	  
- Batch Request: Application may use a single request message to specify 
      interest in multiple items via the item list
	  
- Dynamic View:	Application may specify a subset of fields or elements of a 
      particular item
	  
- Optimized Pause and Resume: Application may request server to pause and 
      resume item stream
	
- Single Open: EMA supports application selected single open functionality
	  
	
- Programmatic Config	Enables application to programmatically specify and 
      overwrite EMA configuration
	

		
		
##Non-Interactive Provider Features:

- Default Admin Domains: EMA uses default login and directory messages while connecting to server. This provides minimum configuration for applications to get up and running.
 
- Configurable Admin Domains:  EMA provides means for modifying the default admin domain messages. 	



##Common Features:

- TCP/IP Connectivity

- RMTES Decoder	EMA provides a built in RMTES decoder. IF desired, application
      may cache RmtesBuffer objects and apply all the received changes to them.
	
- Data::toString()	All OMM containers, primitives and messages may simply be
      printed out to screen in a standardized output format. 
	
- Data::getAsHex()	Applications may obtain binary representations of all OMM 
      containers, primitives and messages.

- File Config:	Enables applications to specify EMA configuration in an EmaConfig.xml file


# Product Content

- Makefile/Windows project files to build EMA library
- EMA Examples
- TREP Dictionary
- Documentation 
	
			
# Documentation

- EMA Developers Guide
- EMA Configuration Guide
- EMA Reference Manual
- EMA RDM Usage Guide
- EMA Examples Cross Reference
- Readme (This File)
- License File
- Test Results
	
Elektron Message API Documentation is also available online at https://customers.reuters.com/a/ODL/EMA_C/3.0/HTML_Documentation/index.html 


# Hardware/OS Requirements

      (Linux)
      - HP Intel PC or AMD Opteron (64-bit)
      - AMD Opteron (64-bit)
      - Red Hat Enterprise Linux Advanced Server 6.0 64-bit 
      - Oracle Linux Server 6.0 64-bit (Qualified on RHAS 6.0)
      - Oracle Linux Server 7.0 64-bit
	  - CentOS 7 64-bit (Qualified on OL7)

      (Windows)
      - Intel compatible PC and AMD Opteron for 64-bit
      - CPUs must have high resolution timer frequencies greater than 1GHz.
      - Microsoft Windows Server 2008 (SP1 or greater) 64-bit 
      - Microsoft Windows 7 Professional 64-bit
      - Microsoft Windows 8 Professional 64-bit
      - Microsoft Windows 8.1 Professional 64-bit 



# Software Requirements
	
      (Linux)
      - GCC compiler suite version 4.4.4 or higher for RHAS 6.0 (64-bit)
      - GCC compiler suite version 4.4.4 or higher for OLS 6.0 (64-bit)
      - GCC compiler suite version 4.8.2 or higher for OLS 7.0 (64-bit)
      - GCC compiler suite version 4.8.2 or higher for CentOS 7.0 (64-bit)

      (Windows)
      - Microsoft Visual C++ 10.0 64-bit (visual Studio 2010)
      - Microsoft Visual C++ 11.0 64-bit (Visual Studio 2012)
      - Microsoft Visual C++ 12.0 64-bit (Visual Studio 2013)
	  
      ---------------------------------------------------------
      Enterprise Platform for Real-Time - RSSL/RWF connections
      ---------------------------------------------------------
      - ADS 2.4 or higher
      - ADH 2.4 or higher
	  
       --------
       Elektron
       --------
      - Elektron Deployed
      - Elektron Hosted
      
# Installation and Use

See the top level Elektron-SDK README.md for details.


	  
# Issues and Workarounds

- EMA-9 (EMACPP-100): Generic Message is not currently supported on login stream.
- EMA-42 logMsg has some extra characters in Error Location when configured for HTTP type connection on Linux. 
- EMA-34 (EMACPP-354): Source directory reissue and genmsg on source directory is not currently supported.
- EMA-43 (EMACPP-407): Consumer does not exit on reaching reconnectAttemplLimit
- EMA-45 If CompressionType is set to "None", the CompressionThreshold range check still occurs
- EMA-48 (EMACPP-422): Tunnel Streams: If the provider messages exceeds the recvWindowSize no message are received.
- EMA-57 need infinite timeout support for PostAckTimeout and RequestTimeout in EMA
- EMA-77 EMA is using the incorrect attribute info when sending Generic Messages
- EMA-90 EMA InitializationTimeout per channel may not work correctly
- EMA-417: Shared windows solution file doesn't build ema if the libxml2 library in eta doesn't already exist. 
- EMA-491 XmlTracePing, XmlTraceHex default to true when XmlTraceRead , XmlTracePing, XmlTraceHex and XmlTraceWrite set to invalid value. 
- EMA-532 XMLTrace may not flush all information to trace file 
- EMA-533 ChannelSet with two multicast channels userQLimit set incorrectly 
- EMA-560 tunnelStreamConsumer exit crash
- EMA-575 NiProvider360 application uses 100% CPU when CTRL-C pressed while publishing data
- EMA-634 EMA library should only support serviceId for source directory mapkey (NIProv).  ***[ServiceName use for source directory has been deprecated]***
 

# Obtaining the Thomson Reuters Field Dictionaries


The Thomson Reuters `RDMFieldDictionary` and `enumtype.def` files are present in the GitHub repo under `Ema/Etc`.

In addition, the most current version can be downloaded from the Customer Zone from the following location.

https://customers.reuters.com/a/technicalsupport/softwaredownloads.aspx

- **Category**: MDS - General
- **Products**: TREP Templates Service Pack

Place the downloaded `enumtype.def` and `RDMFieldDictionary` under `/Ema/Etc` If these are not present when building some of the applications, their build will fail when they reach the step to copy these. The executable will still be built properly. 

# Contributing
Please see the top level **README.md** file for details.


# Reference Information

    I-COS Questionnaire: 6032
    Reuters Item Number: N/A
    Product Name: Elektron Message API - C++ Edition
    US ECCN: EAR99
    EU ECCN: None
    Export Code: NL
    Security Compliance: Thomson Reuters Security Compliant
	  

# Notes
- Please make sure to review the **LICENSE.md** file.

Commit message:

ema 3.0.4.L1
[EMA-562] - can not reuse ReqMsg while setting service id
[EMA-594] - Reference Manual typo for OmmDateTime Hours range should
            be 0-23 not 0-59
[EMA-597] - NIProvider 320 needs one modification to catch status
            message in ADH
[EMA-610] - ServiceName no longer supported for source directory
            mapkey.
[EMA-615] - valgrind shows invalid write on Consumer440 example

Cpp-C/Ema/README.md, after:



# Elektron Message API


The Elektron Message API: This is an easy-to-use, performant, open source message layer API. The Elektron Message API helps developers by allowing them to develop applications with significantly less code. It is new and will be enhanced by collaboration with customers (through GitHub) and Thomson Reuters based on customer feedback.

EMA is written on top of the Elektron Transport API (ETA) utilizing    the Value Added Reactor and Watchlist.  

(C) Copyright 2016 Thomson Reuters Limited. All rights reserved,
Reuters Oak Brook, IL USA
  


# Message API Features and Functionality



##Consumer Features:

- ADS Multicast: Applications can connect to the ADS Multicast 
	  component by specifying the connection type RSSL_RELIABLE_MCAST.  
	  
- RSSL Encrypted and HTTP Connectivity

- Connection Failover: EMA can be configured to specify a 
	  list of failover servers via ChannelSet configuration.  In the event that the
	  consumer's connection attempt fails, EMA will utilize the next channel in 
	  the ChannelSet list.

- Default Admin Domain Requests: EMA uses default login, directory and 
      dictionary request while connecting to server. This provides minimum 
      configuration for applications to get up and running. 
	  
- Configurable Admin Domain Requests:  EMA provides means for modifying the
      default admin domain requests. 
      
- Tunnel Streams: EMA supports private streams, with additional associated 
      behaviors (e.g., end-to-end authentication, guaranteed delivery, and
      flow control).
	  
- Batch Request: Application may use a single request message to specify 
      interest in multiple items via the item list
	  
- Dynamic View:	Application may specify a subset of fields or elements of a 
      particular item
	  
- Optimized Pause and Resume: Application may request server to pause and 
      resume item stream
	
- Single Open: EMA supports application selected single open functionality
	  
	
- Programmatic Config	Enables application to programmatically specify and 
      overwrite EMA configuration
	

		
		
##Non-Interactive Provider Features:

- Default Admin Domains: EMA uses default login and directory messages while connecting to server. This provides minimum configuration for applications to get up and running.
 
- Configurable Admin Domains:  EMA provides means for modifying the default admin domain messages. 	



##Common Features:

- TCP/IP Connectivity

- RMTES Decoder	EMA provides a built in RMTES decoder. IF desired, application
      may cache RmtesBuffer objects and apply all the received changes to them.
	
- Data::toString()	All OMM containers, primitives and messages may simply be
      printed out to screen in a standardized output format. 
	
- Data::getAsHex()	Applications may obtain binary representations of all OMM 
      containers, primitives and messages.

- File Config:	Enables applications to specify EMA configuration in an EmaConfig.xml file


# Product Content

- Makefile/Windows project files to build EMA library
- EMA Examples
- TREP Dictionary
- Documentation 
	
			
# Documentation

- EMA Developers Guide
- EMA Configuration Guide
- EMA Reference Manual
- EMA RDM Usage Guide
- EMA Examples Cross Reference
- Readme (This File)
- License File
- Test Results
	
Elektron Message API Documentation is also available online at https://customers.reuters.com/a/ODL/EMA_C/3.0/HTML_Documentation/index.html 


# Hardware/OS Requirements

      (Linux)
      - HP Intel PC or AMD Opteron (64-bit)
      - AMD Opteron (64-bit)
      - Red Hat Enterprise Linux Advanced Server 6.0 64-bit 
      - Oracle Linux Server 6.0 64-bit (Qualified on RHAS 6.0)
      - Oracle Linux Server 7.0 64-bit
	  - CentOS 7 64-bit (Qualified on OL7)

      (Windows)
      - Intel compatible PC and AMD Opteron for 64-bit
      - CPUs must have high resolution timer frequencies greater than 1GHz.
      - Microsoft Windows Server 2008 (SP1 or greater) 64-bit 
      - Microsoft Windows 7 Professional 64-bit
      - Microsoft Windows 8 Professional 64-bit
      - Microsoft Windows 8.1 Professional 64-bit 



# Software Requirements
	
      (Linux)
      - GCC compiler suite version 4.4.4 or higher for RHAS 6.0 (64-bit)
      - GCC compiler suite version 4.4.4 or higher for OLS 6.0 (64-bit)
      - GCC compiler suite version 4.8.2 or higher for OLS 7.0 (64-bit)
      - GCC compiler suite version 4.8.2 or higher for CentOS 7.0 (64-bit)

      (Windows)
      - Microsoft Visual C++ 10.0 64-bit (visual Studio 2010)
      - Microsoft Visual C++ 11.0 64-bit (Visual Studio 2012)
      - Microsoft Visual C++ 12.0 64-bit (Visual Studio 2013)
	  
      ---------------------------------------------------------
      Enterprise Platform for Real-Time - RSSL/RWF connections
      ---------------------------------------------------------
      - ADS 2.5 or higher
      - ADH 2.5 or higher
	  
       --------
       Elektron
       --------
      - Elektron Deployed
      - Elektron Hosted
      
# Installation and Use

See the top level Elektron-SDK README.md for details.


	  
# Issues and Workarounds

- EMA-9 (EMACPP-100): Generic Message is not currently supported on login stream.
- EMA-42 logMsg has some extra characters in Error Location when configured for HTTP type connection on Linux. 
- EMA-34 (EMACPP-354): Source directory reissue and genmsg on source directory is not currently supported.
- EMA-43 (EMACPP-407): Consumer does not exit on reaching reconnectAttemplLimit
- EMA-45 If CompressionType is set to "None", the CompressionThreshold range check still occurs
- EMA-48 (EMACPP-422): Tunnel Streams: If the provider messages exceeds the recvWindowSize no message are received.
- EMA-57 need infinite timeout support for PostAckTimeout and RequestTimeout in EMA
- EMA-77 EMA is using the incorrect attribute info when sending Generic Messages
- EMA-90 EMA InitializationTimeout per channel may not work correctly
- EMA-417: Shared windows solution file doesn't build ema if the libxml2 library in eta doesn't already exist. 
- EMA-491 XmlTracePing, XmlTraceHex default to true when XmlTraceRead , XmlTracePing, XmlTraceHex and XmlTraceWrite set to invalid value. 
- EMA-532 XMLTrace may not flush all information to trace file 
- EMA-533 ChannelSet with two multicast channels userQLimit set incorrectly 
- EMA-560 tunnelStreamConsumer exit crash
- EMA-575 NiProvider360 application uses 100% CPU when CTRL-C pressed while publishing data
- EMA-691 Random exit issue with NiProvider, application does not exit.

 

# Obtaining the Thomson Reuters Field Dictionaries


The Thomson Reuters `RDMFieldDictionary` and `enumtype.def` files are present in the GitHub repo under `Ema/Etc`.

In addition, the most current version can be downloaded from the Customer Zone from the following location.

https://customers.reuters.com/a/technicalsupport/softwaredownloads.aspx

- **Category**: MDS - General
- **Products**: TREP Templates Service Pack

Place the downloaded `enumtype.def` and `RDMFieldDictionary` under `/Ema/Etc` If these are not present when building some of the applications, their build will fail when they reach the step to copy these. The executable will still be built properly. 

# Contributing
Please see the top level **README.md** file for details.


# Reference Information

    I-COS Questionnaire: 6032
    Reuters Item Number: N/A
    Product Name: Elektron Message API - C++ Edition
    US ECCN: EAR99
    EU ECCN: None
    Export Code: NL
    Security Compliance: Thomson Reuters Security Compliant
	  

# Notes
- Please make sure to review the **LICENSE.md** file.
